Docs: Update info related to Command Topics in CC (#9232)
confluentinc/ksql: docs/operate-and-deploy/capacity-planning.md

replication factor of 1.

!!! note

> 		Confluent Cloud and Headless mode deployments don't have a command topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		{{ site.ccloud }} and Headless mode deployments don't have a command topic.
```
